The highest grossing film of 2021 so far is a sincerely crafted & emotionally uplifting story of love, loss, family, regret & wish fulfilment that centres on a mother-daughter bonding and is curated with heart & compassion. Packed with laughs yet capable of tugging the heartstrings, it is a sweet, simple & sentimental family drama that works as advertised.

Co-written & directed by Jia Ling in her directorial debut who also stars as the lead, the film uses the time travel framework only to transport itself into the past where it works on reforging the relationship between a woman & her mother. It's a safe play but the script is witty throughout and its emotional authenticity shines through, thus making it a pleasant delight for all.

Ling is fantastic throughout, both in front & behind the camera and her performance is the glue that holds this story together. Her grip on comedic elements is also spot-on for the most part. The 1980s setting plays to its strength. All supporting roles are well-drawn & finely acted. And the central relationship is captured with honesty. Still, its pacing is uneven at times and it sure is overlong.

Overall, Hi, Mom makes for a lovely tribute from a daughter to her mother and brims with all the ingredients that's required for it to be a crowdpleaser. A typical fare by all means, the film in many ways is far from the best version of itself yet its arrival is apt & fitting as it exudes a familial warmth & sense of community that many viewers lost in this raging pandemic, and it is bound to move & resonate with some of them if not all.

We've certainly seen a fare share of time travel movies in every conceivable genre. This comedy drama might initially come across as a predictable time travel movie, but hey, this is Korean cinema, so it's not all that predictable.

'Hi, Mom' is beautifully filmed with good photography and cinematography, and I found the protagonist, Jia Xiao Ling, absolutely adorable - well portrayed by Ling Jia. For most part the film is a comedy, but - just like 'Miracle in Cell No. 7', turns dramatic very quickly during the finale.

The film went from an interesting and promising start to a rather slow and somewhat boring second act, with little that interested me. It just felt too long, with too much (unnecessary) detail. There were also a few character issues I won't mention in order to avoid spoilers. The film then sort of redeemed itself during the third act, and the finale grabbed me - like a stake through the heart! Ling Jia stole the show in every scene she was in. She was wonderful! 'Hi, Mom' is a very sad, feel-good movie, with a powerful message.

'Hi, Mom' was a huge box office success, raking in $841 million on a $59 million budget. It became the second highest grossing foreign language film of all time, and so far the highest grossing film of 2021 - during a time when social distancing was still the order of the day due to the ongoing Coronavirus pandemic.

While it was indeed a good film, the above facts are beyond comprehension. It really wasn't that great a movie... was it?

Releasing in its country of origin China earlier this year to great acclaim and smashing box office records along the way (entering into the top 3 highest grossing films of all-time in the country with box office figures in excess of over USD $821,000,000), Ling Jia's directional debut, that she also co-wrote and acts in, is a likeable and breezy fantastical dramedy that borrows heavily from other outings but has enough unique smarts and sass too feel fresh and enjoyable as it goes along its way.

Heavily inspired it seems by the Back to the Future meet your parents time travel scenario and also elements from well-liked family time travel drama About Time, Hi, Mom sees Jia's underachieving daughter finally getting a chance to make her mom proud, even if it just so happens to be in an unexpected way as she travels back in time mysteriously following a potentially tragic accident.

Heading back to the early 80's where colored TV's were the new fad and volleyball tournaments were the main concern, Hi, Mom takes Jia back to a time and place where the good times seemed to be flowing and the film finds a nice groove here between pure comedy, sentimentality and also romance as (again much like Back to the Future) Jia tries to ensure everyone that needs to fall in love does fall in love so she's not somehow get erased from existence before she had the chance too be born.

The film's biggest problems do stem from these moments that all feel borrowed from other films, nothing feels truly unique about Hi, Mom, it feels more like a greatest hits collection of elements of films we've already seen and already fallen in love with, even if the China location and Chinese sentiments give a fresh spin on otherwise Hollywoodized staples.

This isn't enough to completely dampen the experience however as it's not hard to see why so many audience members fell in love with this fun, entertaining and well-meaning affair.

Another key element to the film working despite feeling like a feature without its own identity is the charm of Ling Jia as a performer. Feeling like a naturally likeable and relatable performer, this film, which was born out of Jia crafting a tribute to her late mother, sees her give it her all as she takes us the viewers on a journey that will be recognizable for anyone with strong parental connections and has a global spanning feeling that should ensure this Chinese hit finds an audience across a range of nationalities.

Final Say -

A likeable if not exactly groundbreaking globally appealing comedy, Hi, Mum is a lot of fun and one of the most easily accessible Chinese films in some time with Ling Jia likely to become one of the biggest properties in the Asia market over the next few years.

Watch this since heard of crazy box office in China. Take an overview of storyline highlight that it's a time travel theme. My first impression is such an old theme how can the box office be no.1? During the first hour and half, I feel it's really mediocre and storyline just so what as expected and not funny at all, it deserves a 3 is what I gave. However, things change for the last 30 minutes, unexpected is one of the reasons. But the most succeed part is it touches audience hearts for sure cuz the motherhood. I believed it's a portrait of everyone with their mom, it is thing that probably everyone would want to happen to make up the regrets and do better in their past. This movie makes that happen and give everyone a big consolation and purify our soul. Meaningful story get applaud but this one is so special. 7 is my final rating.

It's can be done better as this first time Jia ling directing this movie, so there's some flaw in it. Unnessary scene and little built-in character in supporting actor. But it's still don't bother me when it come to the mother and daughter part. It touching and loving.it's show the mum love is the greatest in the world.


A tear quencher, you can easily tell how much this film means to Jia Lin. However, apart from the ending, while the rest of the film is funny, it is very much in the mold of recent Chinese comedies, and it is greatly helped out by a very strong supporting cast. The last 10 or so minutes is not an easy accomplishment though, it is very much a career and lifetime defining moment for someone to pour this much personal emotions on film. Accomplishing this is perhaps more important than any amount of box office for Jia.

It will be touching for parents but story wise is little. Not very interesting but rather a passing time movie.

Hi, Mom is a charming heartfelt comedy that will have you laughing and reaching for the tissues. It is the directorial debut of Chinese comedian Jia Ling and based off a popular comedic sketch she had performed on Zhejiang Television in 2016.

Jia Ling, known for performing sketches on Chinese television, writes, directs and stars as Jia Xiao Ling, who feels she has been a lifelong disappointment to her mother Li Huan Ying. When her mother dies from a fatal car accident in 2001, Jia Xiao Ling is magically transported to 1981, where she befriends her mother Li Huan Ying as a young girl.

Guilt-stricken and armed with future knowledge, Xiao Ling is determined to alter the course of her mom's life for the better.

I laughed a lot through Hi, Mom. The comedy is well-timed and moves with a Swiss watch-like precision, telling its story with gags and zingers. There are some verbal gags that would exclude people who don't speak Chinese. That said, there are a variety of gags for them to give the movie a chance. All the laughter sneakily diverts the audience's attention to the darker question of what is happening: is Jia Xiao Ling trying to erase her own existence out of guilt?

The script brilliantly subverts the audience's conventional expectations of a time-travel scenario and delivers some surprises along the way. The surprises are not focused on plot logistics, but delivers on heartwarming sentiments.

This film has set three records. It is currently the highest grossing movie worldwide of 2021, the second highest grossing non-English movie of all time and the highest grossing film ever directed by a solo female director. One could link this to the Chinese population, I think there is merit to its success beyond that.

Hi, Mom gets personal in its last third and at one point it became increasingly clear that Jia Ling, in real life, had lost her own mother in a tragic accident. A director delivering a personal message with that sheer amount of emphasis would have normally taken me out of the movie. But this particular time, it didn't. The film had already won over the audience in my theater and I too, found myself mourning for the loss of Li Huan Ying.

Hi Mom" is based on the famous 2016 stage production that Jia Ling wrote, acted and directed about the events from her own life! The story centers on college student Jia Xiao Ling who has a hard time getting over her mother's death. In her grief, she somehow manages to travel back in time to meet her mother in 1981 and form a friendship together.

Jia Ling, Shen Teng, Michael Chen are all big stars in China and having a screenplay which allows them to show fully all their acting abilities is rare. Emotional, full of love, tender, funny, and typically Chinese! The directing was the weakest link, but it was not too bad.

Hi Mom" is based on the famous 2016 stage production that Jia Ling wrote, acted and directed about the events from her own life! The story centers on college student Jia Xiao Ling who has a hard time getting over her mother's death. In her grief, she somehow manages to travel back in time to meet her mother in 1981 and form a friendship together.

Jia Ling, Shen Teng, Michael Chen are all big stars in China and having a screenplay which allows them to show fully all their acting abilities is rare. Emotional, full of love, tender, funny, and typically Chinese! The directing was the weakest link, but it was not too bad.

Far from perfect, but highly recommended!

Very few films brings a smile to my face and tears aswell. This did it for me. Eventhough I have not lived in that era, nor in China at that time, but it captured the nostalgic feeling very well. The story line appears to be very random, but it has a sense of flow to it, and the eventual plot twist hit me like a brick. Wonderful family movie!


Many can relate to this story of a mother who's sacrificed everything or lived a hard life her whole life and a daughter who feels like she hasn't lived up to her mother's expectations or hasn't done enough to lift her family up. What if you could meet your mother before you were even born?

Knowing the background of this movie due to my mother who made me watch this movie with her, I think this movie would've been weaker without that information on the two lead actresses. They both struggled to break into the big screen, but toiled together for several years until their big break came in the form of this movie. At times, the plot of Hi, Mom was a bit predictable (you see similar tropes when characters travel back in time), but once you accept that it's less plot-driven so much as driven by the main characters' interactions with each other, you can appreciate that Ling Jia directed, wrote and acted in this movie dedicated to her mother. I definitely shed some tears at the end and would recommend this to anyone who doesn't mind a bit of a sentimental movie.